Oh no! Someone got seriously injured at the Nintendo headquarters! Call an ambulance!
Wii U, Wii U, Wii U, Wii U, Wii U, Wii U...

How many Nintendo fans does it take to change a lightbulb?
Who knows? They’re all too busy playing with the switch.

What did the Nintendo Wii do when he stopped working?
Wii-tired





bonus: In Wii-sconsin

A Dirty Nintendo joke
What’s white and smells like Peach???

Mario’s Glove.

Did you hear about EA taking over Nintendo?
Their new game is gonna be called ‘Pay-per Mario’

Luigi invites Mario over to play some Nintendo Switch...
...as they get ready to fire up some Smash Bros. Mario notices Luigi has a new avatar.

Mario asks, "Say, Luigi, what kind picture is that?"

Luigi says... "It's a Mii, Mario."

Why are Nintendo players afraid of the fence?
Because it prevents animal crossing.

The Nintendo 64 turned 18 today
Now you can legally blow the cartridges.

I accidentally bought a broken Nintendo console
I had to get a Wiifund

What's the difference between nymphomaniacs and Nintendo fans?
Nothing - they both lose their shit when they hear the word "smash".

Because Nintendo's beloved character is Japanese, Mario is his LAST name. His first name?
Itsume.

My wife left me because I bought the a Nintendo, but I'm not even upset...
it was time for a switch

What was the only Nintendo series to really fall flat?
Paper Mario

What do you call two nintendo fans doing incest?
Super smash bros

it is PK Dire that we make stupid jokes

What's the Summers of Onett, Twoson, Threed, and Fourside? If you guessed Tenda, you Winters!

Mother 3 is coming to the US

Man, all these puns are filling me with happy-Ness!

Nintendo are releasing a Finnegan’s Wake game
You need a special Joyce stick to play it

What sound does Nintendo's security vehicles make?
Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U

What do you call a Nintendo character that looks like a minion?
Despicable Mii

Nintendo should come out with a sequel to X and Y...
It'll be called "The Extra Chromosome"
